dataConversion/TernaryExercises.java
 dataConversion.TernaryExercises
interfaceExample/exerciseOne/ITelephone.java
 interfaceExample.exerciseOne.ITelephone
dataConversion/TernaryExample.java
 dataConversion.TernaryExample
abstraction/exercise1/Bird.java
 abstraction.exercise1.Bird
Generics/Main.java
 Generics.Main
 Generics.Main$abc123
 Generics.Main$abc1234
interfaceExample/exerciseOne/Main.java
 interfaceExample.exerciseOne.Main
vehicleInheritance/Vehicle.java
 vehicleInheritance.Vehicle
doWhileLoops/DoWhileLoopExercises.java
 doWhileLoops.DoWhileLoopExercises
inheritanceAnimal/inheritance/Fish.java
 inheritanceAnimal.inheritance.Fish
map/exercise1.java
 map.exercise1
lambda/exercise1.java
 lambda.Employee
 lambda.exercise1
arrayList/autoboxing/WrapperExample.java
 arrayList.autoboxing.WrapperExample
arrayList/Exercise1.java
 arrayList.Exercise1
Generics/Player.java
 Generics.Player
SwitchExercises.java
 SwitchExercises
abstraction/exercise2/MyLinkedList.java
 abstraction.exercise2.MyLinkedList
arrays/Exercise1.java
 arrays.Exercise1
Generics/FootballPlayer.java
 Generics.FootballPlayer
map/exercise2/Location.java
 map.exercise2.Location
interfaceExample/exerciseOne/DeskPhone.java
 interfaceExample.exerciseOne.DeskPhone
forLoops/ForLoopExercise.java
 forLoops.ForLoopExercise
dataConversion/unicode.java
 dataConversion.unicode
Generics/Team.java
 Generics.Team
abstraction/exercise1/Main.java
 abstraction.exercise1.Main
inheritanceAnimal/inheritance/Main.java
 inheritanceAnimal.inheritance.Main
arrays/Exercise2.java
 arrays.Exercise2
interfaceExample/exerciseTwo/Main.java
 interfaceExample.exerciseTwo.Main
abstraction/exercise1/Animal.java
 abstraction.exercise1.Animal
collections/Main.java
 collections.Main
abstraction/exercise2/NodeList.java
 abstraction.exercise2.NodeList
abstraction/exercise1/Dog.java
 abstraction.exercise1.Dog
forLoops2/Student.java
 forLoops2.Student
interfaceExample/exerciseTwo/Monster.java
 interfaceExample.exerciseTwo.Monster
linkedLists/Exercise1.java
 linkedLists.Exercise1
abstraction/exercise1/Pigeon.java
 abstraction.exercise1.Pigeon
questions/Exercise1.java
 questions.Exercise1
interfaceExample/exerciseOne/Gearbox.java
 interfaceExample.exerciseOne.Gearbox
parsing/ParseExercise.java
 parsing.ParseExercise
map/exercise2/Main.java
 map.exercise2.Main
dataConversion/Practice1.java
 dataConversion.Practice1
whileLoops/WhileExercises.java
 whileLoops.WhileExercises
forLoops2/School.java
 forLoops2.School
Generics/BaseballPlayer.java
 Generics.BaseballPlayer
inheritanceAnimal/inheritance/Animal.java
 inheritanceAnimal.inheritance.Animal
vehicleInheritance/Toyota.java
 vehicleInheritance.Toyota
vehicleInheritance/Car.java
 vehicleInheritance.Car
vehicleInheritance/Main.java
 vehicleInheritance.Main
Set/HeavenlyBody.java
 Set.HeavenlyBody
interfaceExample/exerciseOne/MobilePhone.java
 interfaceExample.exerciseOne.MobilePhone
inheritance/Person.java
 inheritance.Person
arrays/Exercise4.java
 arrays.Exercise4
forLoops2/Main.java
 forLoops2.Main
abstraction/exercise2/ListItem.java
 abstraction.exercise2.ListItem
forLoops2/Teacher.java
 forLoops2.Teacher
scanner/Exercise.java
 scanner.Exercise
arrayList/exercise2/MobilePhone.java
 arrayList.exercise2.MobilePhone
arrayList/exercise2/Main.java
 arrayList.exercise2.Main
inheritance/Main.java
 inheritance.Main
interfaceExample/exerciseTwo/ISaveable.java
 interfaceExample.exerciseTwo.ISaveable
parsing/Exercise2.java
 parsing.Exercise2
abstraction/exercise2/Node.java
 abstraction.exercise2.Node
interfaceExample/exerciseTwo/Player.java
 interfaceExample.exerciseTwo.Player
dataConversion/Main.java
 dataConversion.Main
arrays/Exercise3.java
 arrays.Exercise3
inheritance/Teacher.java
 inheritance.Teacher
inheritanceAnimal/inheritance/Dog.java
 inheritanceAnimal.inheritance.Dog
vehicleInheritance/Truck.java
 vehicleInheritance.Truck
collections/Theatre.java
 collections.Theatre
 collections.Theatre$1
 collections.Theatre$Seat
Set/Main.java
 Set.Main
polymorphism/polyExercise1.java
 polymorphism.Forgetable
 polymorphism.IndependenceDay
 polymorphism.Jaws
 polymorphism.MazeRunner
 polymorphism.Movie
 polymorphism.StarWars
 polymorphism.polyExercise1
abstraction/exercise2/Main.java
 abstraction.exercise2.Main
Generics/SoccerPlayer.java
 Generics.SoccerPlayer
arrayList/exercise2/Contacts.java
 arrayList.exercise2.Contacts
streams/exercise1/Main.java
 streams.exercise1.Main
